# State your goals

## Client

Krug Champagne 

Krug Champagne is a Champagne house founded by Joseph Krug in 1843 based in Reims, It is a part of the Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessy (LVMH) group of luxury brands. 
​
## Product

The product is a software that will be used to generate instructions for the blending or "assemblage" of champagne for Krug Champagne. 

The software will take as input a list of wines and their respective quantities and will output a list of instructions for the blending of the wines.
​
## Skills
​
The skills required for this project are mostly technical skills, such as programming, software design, and algorithmic design.

However, we will also need to have good communication skills to be able to communicate with the client and the other groups working on the project.

Here is a list of the skills required for this project:

- C++ 
- .csv file manipulation
- Software design
- Algorithmic design
- Communication skills
- Git
​
# Roadmap
## Organization
### Team work

We organise the tasks with "GitHub projects"

The distribution of the tasks is done depending on the role of each member of the team.

At the same time we need to communicate with group 5 since we are making shared specifications, we will provide them with the functional specifications and they will provide us with the technical specifications.w
​
### documentation saving and sharing system
​
# Resources

Most of our resources are from the client, our program manager asked the client for more information about the project and the tools used by the client.

You can find these informations in [this](/docs/Management/Client/messages.md) file.